clarify gitlab token refresh behavior (#6839)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/connect-gitlab.md

- Clone repos using HTTPS rather than SSH.
- Carry GitLab user permissions through to dbt Cloud or dbt Cloud CLI's git actions.
- Trigger [Continuous integration](/docs/deploy/continuous-integration) builds when merge requests are opened in GitLab.

:::info
When configuring the repository in dbt Cloud, GitLab automatically:
- Registers a webhook, which triggers pipeline jobs in dbt Cloud.

> - Creates a [project access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html) in your GitLab repository, which sends the job run status back to GitLab using the dbt Cloud API for CI jobs. dbt Cloud automatically refreshes this token for you, which means you never have to manually rotate it. Check out the [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates a [project access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html) in your GitLab repository, which sends the job run status back to GitLab using the dbt Cloud API for CI jobs. dbt Cloud automatically refreshes this token for you, which means you never have to manually rotate it. Check out the [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section for more information.
```

- Clone repos using HTTPS rather than SSH.
- Carry GitLab user permissions through to dbt Cloud or dbt Cloud CLI's git actions.
- Trigger [Continuous integration](/docs/deploy/continuous-integration) builds when merge requests are opened in GitLab.

:::info
When configuring the repository in dbt Cloud, GitLab automatically:
- Registers a webhook, which triggers pipeline jobs in dbt Cloud.

> - Creates a [project access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html) in your GitLab repository, which sends the job run status back to Gitlab using the dbt Cloud API for CI jobs. dbt Cloud automatically refereshes this project access token for you, which means you never have to manually rotate the token.

Author: ```suggestion
- Creates a [project access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html) in your GitLab repository, which sends the job run status back to Gitlab using the dbt Cloud API for CI jobs. dbt Cloud automatically refreshes this project access token for you, which means you never have to manually rotate the token. Check out the [FAQs](#faqs) for more info.
```
